Copyright 2010, Martin Koller, kollix@aon.at

To install LillePOS from source, you need some prerequisites to build it.

First, LillePOS is based on Qt (the eldest version I tested was 4.4)

It can use either SQLite or MySQL, so you need the Qt sqldrivers for
the DB you intend to use.

Clearly a C++ compiler and all the usual development stuff ;-)

To compile the program, simply use Qt's qmake tool, e.g. (inside the source dir):

qmake
make

As all icons used in LillePOS will be compiled into the code
(via Qt's resource system), you don't need to install these.

To generate the english translation catalog, you need to run

lrelease LillePOS.pro

This generates the "compiled" binary translation file LillePOS_en.qm
which you need to place into the same directory as the LillePOS executable.

Just copy LillePOS (and the translation file) to some directory
(e.g. /opt/LillePOS/) and run it.
On the first start it will ask you which database backend you want to use.
If you use SQLite, a file named LillePOS.db will be created in the
current working directory, so you need read/write access to it.
This is the easiest way as you do not need to do any database setup.
LillePOS creates all tables it needs on its own.

If you use MySQL, you need to enter the hostname of the MySQL server
and a username/password for that user. This user needs to have the right
to create a database (named LillePOS) and all the tables in it.
So you only need to define this user in MySQL - the database and all tables
will be created on the first run of LillePOS automatically.

In addition some settings are stored in a file in ~/.config/LillePOS/LillePOS.ini

For customization of the application, you can change the icons/menu.png file,
which will be used on the menu button on the main screen.

You also normally want to change the icon printed on each invoice.
LillePOS uses the logo.png file for this.
The shop name and address etc. can be configured directly within the
application via the settings dialog.
